docs(tutorials): update tutorials main page (#124)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/tutorials/index.md

## Simulation methods

### Ad hoc simulation

Ad hoc simulation is a flexible method for running basic simulations on your local machine, and is the recommended method for anyone new to Autoware.

### Scenario simulation

Scenario simulation uses a scenario runner to run more complex simulations based on predefined scenarios.
It is often run automatically for continuous integration purposes, but can also be run on a local machine.

## Simulation types

### Planning simulation

Planning simulation uses simple dummy data to test the Planning and Control components - specifically path generation, path following and obstacle avoidance. It verifies that a vehicle can reach a goal destination while avoiding pedestrians and surrounding cars, and is another method for verifying the validity of Lanelet2 maps.

#### How does planning simulation work?

1. Generate a path to the goal destination
2. Control the car along the generated path
3. Detect and avoid any humans or other vehicles on the way to the goal destination

!!! note

    For real-world operation, we also need to detect and handle traffic lights.

>     However, planning simulation does not verify this functionality.

Reviewer: Actually, it's not true. `scenario_simulator_v2` supports traffic lights.
@WJaworskiRobotec Could you give us your feedback on the descriptions for this section? :pray:

Reviewer 2: In general looks fine. I have 2 more comments:
1. I thought that scenario_simulation is one way of running of the planning simulation but I can see that these two are separated in the description. But I might be wrong, then it's totally fine
2. There is additional way of testing : random_test_runner that generated random traffic in the experiment. This one should be described here as well

Author: @kenji-miyake @WJaworskiRobotec So, it is possible to set the state of a traffic light on the map in the Planning Simulator and then test how the ego vehicle responds to the traffic light state, and this can be done for both ad hoc testing and using the scenario simulator? Well I learned something today.

I will remove that note then.

Author: @WJaworskiRobotec Since the random test runner is part of scenario simulation, would it be okay to describe that within the scenario simulation sub-section? If so, I think that change should be submitted as a separate PR in order to keep changes small and thus make it easier for reviews to check.

Reviewer 2: @LalithVipulananthan sure, I fully agree that it can be done in the separate PR.

Reviewer: > and this can be done for both ad hoc testing and using the scenario simulator?

It's supported only with the scenario simulator, and not available with ad hoc testing.

Author: @kenji-miyake How about I change the note to say the following instead?

`Traffic light handling functionality can also be tested with the Planning Simulator, but only via scenario simulation.`

Reviewer: Looks good! Thanks. :pray:

Author: @kenji-miyake Based on #129 , it looks as if traffic light handling can be tested with ad hoc planning simulations as well?

Reviewer: @LalithVipulananthan It seems so, but I'm not familiar with the feature.
@soblin @shmpwk @kminoda Could you please give some feedback on the explanation of this section? :pray:

Author: @soblin @shmpwk @kminoda Hi guys. I just wanted to ping you about Miyake-san's request above. Once this last question has been resolved, this PR can be merged and work can continue with #126, #127 and #129.

Reviewer 3: Yes, I think traffic light handling can be tested with ad-hoc simulation (as in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/129). So I guess the following note is not necessary and can be removed.
```
!!! note

    Traffic light handling functionality can also be tested with the Planning Simulator, but only via scenario simulation.
```

### Rosbag replay simulation

> Rosbag replay simulation uses prerecorded rosbag data to test aspects of the Localization and Perception components (eg: object recognition).

Reviewer 4: I want to add what we can obtain or observe by doing this simulation. For example, in the planning simulation, we can observe the car generating the path and operating to the goal destination. In the rosbag replay simulation, I think we can add like `We can observe the car estimating the location on the map using sensor observation`
Just saying like "Localization and Perception modules work here" can make readers think "Then what they do?"

Reviewer: How about adding some images of simulations?

Reviewer 4: I think it's not very necessary because the vehicle location and the detected objects are explicitly visualized. Just if the current explanation makes confusion.

Author: @IshitaTakeshi If you can spare the time, could you add a commit with your proposed changes please?

Reviewer 4: How about this? https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/124/commits/7ffbaa6110f78259843aeb7b3a62def3bd5ebd9e

> Rosbag replay simulation uses prerecorded rosbag data to test aspects of the Localization and Perception components (eg: object recognition).
> The localization module observes the data, matches them to the map, and estimates the location on the map. Also, the perception module detects surrounding cars, pedestrians, and other objects for safe operation.  
> By repeatedly playing back the data, this simulation type can also be used for endurance testing.

Author: Reformatting suggestion. @kenji-miyake Will this be okay?

```suggestion
Rosbag replay simulation uses prerecorded rosbag data to test the following aspects of the Localization and Perception components:
- Localization: Estimate the vehicle's location on the map by matching sensor and vehicle feedback data to the map.
- Perception: Use sensor data to detect surrounding cars, pedestrians, and other objects

By repeatedly playing back the data, this simulation type can also be used for endurance testing.
```

Reviewer: LGTM! Thanks.

Reviewer: Is this a new one? :thinking:  https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/124#discussion_r884374367

Anyway, it looks good.

> Rosbag replay simulation uses prerecorded rosbag data to test aspects of the Localization and Perception components (eg: object recognition).
> The localization module observes the data, matches them to the map, and estimates the location on the map. Also, the perception module detects surrounding cars, pedestrians, and other objects for safe operation.  
> By repeatedly playing back the data, this simulation type can also be used for endurance testing.

Author: Reformatting suggestion. @kenji-miyake Will this be okay?

```suggestion
Rosbag replay simulation uses prerecorded rosbag data to test the following aspects of the Localization and Perception components:
- Localization: Estimate the vehicle's location on the map by matching sensor and vehicle feedback data to the map.
- Perception: Use sensor data to detect surrounding cars, pedestrians, and other objects

By repeatedly playing back the data, this simulation type can also be used for endurance testing.
```

Reviewer 4: Yep. I think this became easier to understand

### Scenario simulation

Scenario simulation uses a scenario runner to run more complex simulations based on predefined scenarios.
It is often run automatically for continuous integration purposes, but can also be run on a local machine.

## Simulation types

### Planning simulation

Planning simulation uses simple dummy data to test the Planning and Control components - specifically path generation, path following and obstacle avoidance. It verifies that a vehicle can reach a goal destination while avoiding pedestrians and surrounding cars, and is another method for verifying the validity of Lanelet2 maps.

#### How does planning simulation work?

1. Generate a path to the goal destination
2. Control the car along the generated path
3. Detect and avoid any humans or other vehicles on the way to the goal destination

!!! note

    Traffic light handling functionality can also be tested with the Planning Simulator, but only via scenario simulation.

### Rosbag replay simulation

Rosbag replay simulation uses prerecorded rosbag data to test the following aspects of the Localization and Perception components:

> - Localization: Estimatation of the vehicle's location on the map by matching sensor and vehicle feedback data to the map.

Author: ```suggestion
- Localization: Estimation of the vehicle's location on the map by matching sensor and vehicle feedback data to the map.
```
